1. I cannot recommend publication of this paper as a regular article in 
Phys. Rev. B as it is far too long and conveys little new physics. 

The topic of thermal conductivity of amorphous materials has a long 
history, with different views on the nature and role of vibrational 
modes. This paper claims to predict the properties of the propagating 
and non-propagating vibrational modes in a-SiO2 and a-Si, based upon 
the application of molecular dynamics simulations. 

There is too much detail of mathematical stuff already published in 
several books and articles. 

%------------------------------------------------------

2. The structural model employed in the lattice dynamical calculations 
has not been defended. Why has Eq. (2) been evaluated using Eq. (3) 
when lattice dynamical calculations have been performed? 

%------------------------------------------------------

3. Use of Eq. (3) is too simplistic to obtain any firm conclusion 
regarding vibrational lifetimes. It does not include any temperature 
dependence, and only employs a single adjustable parameter. Either the 
authors do not differentiate between 'anharmonic processes' and 
'Umklapp processes' or indeed do not appreciate that an Umklapp 
process is only valid for a crystalline structure. 

%------------------------------------------------------

4. The term 'supercell Gamma modes' has not been explained.

%------------------------------------------------------

5. While use of Eq. (25) is technically correct, the authors should 
realize that the 'bulk' term should also include 'size or thickness' 
term. In the present context, the use of the formula for the 
'thickness' contribution seems rather too simple. 

%------------------------------------------------------

6. There are too many references for the amount of contribution made.

%------------------------------------------------------

1) The title should be more specific. “…accumulation in a-SiO2 and 
a-Si”. Only two materials have been studied. 

%------------------------------------------------------

2) 121 papers are cited. I’m sure the authors believe they are being 
thorough but I am left with the impression that they have failed to 
critically consider which work in the literature has been most 
valuable for advancing the field. It is simple task to cite everything 
that has ever been published on a subject but a more difficult and 
valuable task to be selective. 

%------------------------------------------------------

3) The authors should keep in mind that while a-SiO2 is a well-defined 
material that can be accurately reproduced in every lab, a-Si is not. 
The atomic-scale, nanometer-scale, and micrometer-scale structure of 
a-Si varies with deposition method, deposition temperature, and 
impurity content such as C, O, and, of course, hydrogen. Hydrogen 
content is sometimes intentional and sometimes not. All a-Si has some 
hydrogen content. The author’s model has none.

%------------------------------------------------------

4) The authors state at the bottom of page 2 that INS can only be 
applied to bulk single crystals but I don’t think that is true. I’m 
sure that INS has been applied to a-SiO2, by Buchenau and by others if 
I recall correctly. The volume of a-Si is typically too small to study 
by INS but I think a-Si (or maybe a-Ge) was studied by INS about 30 
years ago by Lannin and maybe also by Buchenau. 

%------------------------------------------------------

5) Evaluating Eq. 1 is a clear and focused goal for the paper but the 
work reported in the paper seems to include many aspects of the 
problem that are not related to Eq. 1. 

%------------------------------------------------------

6) Figure 1 is not useful. There is nothing quantitative presented in 
this figure. If the authors could comment on how the PDF of their 
model compares with the experimental PDF, that would be helpful. 

%------------------------------------------------------

7) It seems that the authors are forcing the density of a-Si to be the 
same as crystalline Si. That should be stated more clearly. The 
density of the a-SiO2 model should also be stated. 

%------------------------------------------------------

8) On page 8, I do not know what a “top-down” thermal conductivity is.

%------------------------------------------------------

9) The caption to Figure 2 should state that the dashed lines are 
extrapolations. In the caption, the sentence that ends with “….with a 
gap that separates…the interactions” doesn’t make sense.

%------------------------------------------------------

10) The discussion of lifetimes is very confusing. In Figure 4, the 
authors plot the lifetimes derived from MD/NMD and from analysis of 
dynamic structure factor. The difference is nearly a factor of 30 for 
a-SiO2. The authors say almost nothing about this. In fact, they state 
earlier that neither approach is valid when the linewidth is broad. I 
strongly encourage to the authors to only present results that are 
rigorously meaningful and omit the rest. I assume one approach is 
better than the other. If so, I encourage the authors to present 
results from the best approach and only comment on the results from 
other approaches and then state why one is better than the other. The 
results in the section are doubly confusing because the authors don't 
seem to use the results of NMD at high frequencies to achieve their 
stated goal of analyzing the fraction of heat carried by propagating 
modes. If the results are never used, I do not see any reason to 
present those results. 

%------------------------------------------------------

11) I am similarly confused about Figure 5. The authors seem to be 
taking the NMD lifetimes from Figure 4 and multiplying by a constant 
velocity and comparing those mode diffusivities to the predictions of 
the AF theory. I do not see how that is valid comparison except at the 
very lowest frequencies.


